Create theme-accessibility.md (#921)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/storefront-customization/theme-accessibility.md

# Developing Themes for Accessibility

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

### On this page
- [Using alt text](#using-alt-text)
- [Text accessibility](#text-accessibility)
- [Keyboard accessibility](#keyboard-accessibility)
- [Customization](#customization)
- [Resources](#resources)
</div>

> Designing for accessibility means to be inclusive to the needs of all users. In this tutorial, you will learn how to implement accessibility in your theme and improve theme usability for all users.

Author: Designing for accessibility means being inclusive to the needs of all users. This tutorial outlines the basic accessibility requirements we would like to see in all BigCommerce themes. We include some examples of each type of change, but it is not an exhaustive list, and we encourage you to do your research to best meet the requirements and help improve usability for all users.

> We have included four accessibility best practices and examples that will help you develop a theme that meets the needs of the broadest range of abilities.

Author: remove - [We have included four accessibility best practices and examples that will help you develop a theme that meets the needs of the broadest range of abilities.]

Example

The example below displays how to use an aria-label for two elements considered to be one image.

```json
<div role="img" aria-label="Cart images">

<img src = "giftCard.png" alt=""/>
<img src = "Checkout.png" alt=""/>
</div>
```

You can add the alt text to the `img` element in the image widget of Page Builder or in the `cornerstone/assets/img/` directory.

Follow the step below to add alt text to an image using the control panel:
1. Go to **Storefront** > **My theme** in the control panel, then click **Customize**.
2. Launch Page Builder and select the image widget.
3. Enter the alt text.
4. Click **Save**.

![Image Widget](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_image_widget.png "Image Widget")

## Text accessibility
Text accessibility involves making content readable and understandable. You can achieve text accessibility by using the following:
* Color contrast
* Text headings
* Text size and alignment
* Text links

### Color contrast
Color contrast is an essential factor in visual accessibility. Use contrasting colors for better readability, along with keeping headings clear and concise.

> 

Author: NOTE: According to [WCAG 2.1 (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/), your eCommerce website must have a minimum color contrast ratio of at least 4.5.1 for standard text and 3:1 for large text.

Pure black text on a white background can cause eye strain. Instead, try black text on light blue, pale green, or gray background. The following example demonstrates good color contrasting and has a 14.9.1 contrast ratio.

Good contrast ratio
![Good contrast](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_good_color_contrast.png "Good contrast")

It is essential to avoid colors that are too close together. For example, avoid green and black, green and gray, and green and red. Alternatively, it is good practice to use light text on dark backgrounds or dark text on light backgrounds. The example below shows poor color contrasting because the black text is on a green background. The color constrast ratio is 3.8.1. It would have been better to use white text on a dark green background.

Poor contrast ratio
![Poor contrast](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_poor_color_contrast.png "Poor contrast")

> NOTE: According to [WCAG 2.1 (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/), your eCommerce website must have a minimum color contrast ratio of at least 4.5.1 for standard text and 3:1 for large text.

Author: Remove - NOTE: According to [WCAG 2.1 (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/), your eCommerce website must have a minimum color contrast ratio of at least 4.5.1 for standard text and 3:1 for large text.

# Developing Themes for Accessibility

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

### On this page
- [Using alt text](#using-alt-text)
- [Text accessibility](#text-accessibility)
- [Keyboard accessibility](#keyboard-accessibility)
- [Customization](#customization)

> - [Resources](#resources)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Related resources](#related-resources)
```

</div>

Designing for accessibility means being inclusive to the needs of all users. This tutorial outlines the basic accessibility requirements we would like to see in all BigCommerce themes. We include some examples of each type of change, but it is not an exhaustive list, and we encourage you to do your research to best meet the requirements and help improve usability for all users.

We have included four accessibility best practices and examples that will help you develop a theme that meets the needs of the broadest range of abilities.

> Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

> * [A BigCommerce store](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Starting-a-Bigcommerce-Trial)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [A BigCommerce store](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Starting-a-Bigcommerce-Trial).
```

* This tutorial uses Cornerstone. Your theme may differ.

## Using alt text

> Alternative (alt) text is an image description read aloud by a screen reader, allowing the content to be accessible to visually impaired users. All `img` tags require alt attributes and are the most preferred way to provide alt text for `img` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternative (alt) text is an image description read aloud by a screen reader, making the content accessible to visually impaired users. All HTML `<img>` elements should have an `alt` attribute to provide a text description of the image.
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```

<img alt =" ".../>
```

> You can add the alt text to the `img` element in the image widget of Page Builder or in the `cornerstone/assets/img/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the alt text to the `<img>` element in the image widget of Page Builder or in the `cornerstone/assets/img/` directory.
```

> Follow the step below to add alt text to an image using the control panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to add alt text to an image using the control panel:
```

1. Go to **Storefront** > **My theme** in the control panel, then click **Customize**.
2. Launch Page Builder and select the image widget.
3. Enter the alt text.
4. Click **Save**.

![Image Widget](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_image_widget.png "Image Widget")

> ### aria-label attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Aria-label attribute
```

There are other options for providing text for images. Developers can use the aria-label attribute, a [WCAG (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) technique which provides assistive technology with the aria label text instead of the image alt text. 

The aria-label attribute uses an ID reference value that matches the ID element attribute to associate an element with text. Screen readers use the text of one or more identified elements, which can be seen elsewhere on the page.

> Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**
```

The example below displays how to use an aria-label for two elements considered to be one image.

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```

</div>
```

## Text accessibility
Text accessibility involves making content readable and understandable. You can achieve text accessibility by using the following:
* Color contrast
* Text headings
* Text size and alignment
* Text links

### Color contrast
Color contrast is an essential factor in visual accessibility. Use contrasting colors for better readability, along with keeping headings clear and concise.

NOTE: According to [WCAG 2.1 (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/), your eCommerce website must have a minimum color contrast ratio of at least 4.5.1 for standard text and 3:1 for large text. We recommend presetting these guidelines, using [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) or Chrome's [Accessibility Developer Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-developer-t/fpkknkljclfencbdbgkenhalefipecmb/reviews?hl=en) to ensure you meet WCAG 2.1 guidelines. 

Pure black text on a white background can cause eye strain. Instead, try black text on light blue, pale green, or gray background. The following example demonstrates good color contrasting and has a 14.9.1 contrast ratio.

> Good contrast ratio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Good contrast ratio**
```

Poor contrast ratio
![Poor contrast](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_poor_color_contrast.png "Poor contrast")

### Text headings
Text headings organize and provide structure for a page, helping users to understand its contents. Headings should be logical, clear, and concise. The following example demonstrates the incorrect and correct structure of text headings.

![Text headings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_text_headings.png "Text headings")

Your main heading should be H1 and indicate the main content. The incorrect example displays the main heading as H2, which you should only use for subtopics. In addition, don't skip or alter headings as it could cause a fragmented experience, as shown above. H3 is out of order and should follow H2. The correct structure displayed above on the right shows heading levels from h1 to h3 communicating more specific information about the previous section.

> To see an example video on the best way to create text headings, see [How Headings Help Screen Reader Users](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRTqCGJ_HwQ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example video on how to create text headings, see [How Headings Help Screen Reader Users](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRTqCGJ_HwQ).
```

### Text size and alignment

> The use of white space around blocks of text makes it easier to read. We recommend using left-aligned text, a font size of 14px, have 55-65 characters per line, and use sans serif fonts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of white space around blocks of text makes it easier to read. We recommend the following configuration:
* left-aligned text
* font size of 14px
* 55-65 characters per line
* sans serif fonts
```

The correct example demonstrates how to make text readable. To learn more about text size and alignment needed for accessibility, see the [WebAIM article on Typefaces and Fonts](https://webaim.org/techniques/textlayout/).

![Incorrect text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_incorrect_type_size.png "Incorrect text")

![Correct text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_correct_text_size.png "Correct type")

### Text links
Text links should be unique within a page and meaningful when read out of context.

The following example demonstrates how you can make link text meaningful.

| No information | Meaningful information |
| -- | --|
| For more information on how to modify the login form, <ins>click here</ins>. | Read more about <ins>modifying the login form</ins>.|

Don't use "click here" for the linked text, instead use the exact title of a linked page or use a description of the linked page. You may need to rework a sentence to make the text meaningful.

> Additional recommendations regarding linked text are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional linked text recommendations:
```

* Use unique link text where possible.
* Avoid using a URL as the link text, consider using the page title or description of the page.
* Don't use the word "link" in your link text.
* Don't capitalize links.
* Keep link text concise.
* Don't link directly to downloads.
* Provide a warning when link text opens a new window.
* Remove broken or empty links.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Keyboard accessibility
Keyboard accessibility involves making a theme accessible without the use of a mouse. Ensure you can navigate to all links, menus, buttons, and form fields using the keyboard. Press the Tab key and navigate from the top of the page to the bottom. The navigation order must be logical and intuitive.

> To enable and element to participate in keyboard navigation, use the 'tabindex' global attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable an element to participate in keyboard navigation, use the `tabindex` global attribute.
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

a.setAttribute("tabindex","0")
```

Open the following example in a new tab and try it out, [native-keyboard-accessibility.html](https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/tools-testing/cross-browser-testing/accessibility/native-keyboard-accessibility.html). Press the Tab key and navigate from the top of the page to the bottom, highlighting active elements. You can also use the arrow keys to scroll through the dropdown menu.

> To see an example video on the best way to create keyboard accessibility, see [Accessible Components: Keyboard access -- Polycasts#49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REVxMvdBYMw).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example video on keyboard accessibility, see [Accessible Components: Keyboard access -- Polycasts#49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REVxMvdBYMw).
```

## Customizations
You can add scripts or code to improve the accessibility of your theme. As stated above, you can use the `tabindex` global attribute to add an element for keyboard navigation. Also, we suggest doing the following:

* Add a script or plugin to allow mobile, tablet, or desktop viewing. Use responsive design to match user technology to accommodate different zoom states and viewport sizes.
* Add multi-factor authentication or alternative methods besides CAPTCHA to verify identity. Visual CAPTCHA does not allow alt text, and therefore visually impaired users cannot use it.
* Add hidden titles that can be accessed by a screen reader.

> Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**
```

> To update a menu button to add more color contrast, add the following text to the Footer.html file for your mobile and regular templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update a menu button to add more color contrast, add the following text to the `footer.html` file for your mobile and regular templates.
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```

<style>
.mobileMenu-toggle .mobileMenu-toggleIcon, .mobileMenu-toggle .mobileMenu-toggleIcon:after, .mobileMenu-toggle .mobileMenu-toggleIcon:before {
background: #fff;
}
</style>
```
There are many more customizations and changes you can make to increase your store's accessibility. This article lists just a few. To learn more about accessibility, see the list of related resources below. 

> ## Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Related resources
```

> ### Related resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Articles
```

</div>
</div>
</div>

Pure black text on a white background can cause eye strain. Instead, try black text on light blue, pale green, or gray background. The following example demonstrates good color contrasting and has a 14.9.1 contrast ratio.

**Good contrast ratio**
![Good contrast](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_good_color_contrast.png "Good contrast")

It is essential to avoid colors that are too close together. For example, avoid green and black, green and gray, and green and red. Alternatively, it is good practice to use light text on dark backgrounds or dark text on light backgrounds. The example below shows poor color contrasting because the black text is on a green background. The color constrast ratio is 3.8.1. It would have been better to use white text on a dark green background.

**Poor contrast ratio**
![Poor contrast](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_poor_color_contrast.png "Poor contrast")

> ### Text headings

Reviewer 2: Mirroring changes above
```suggestion
### Headings
```

Text headings organize and provide structure for a page, helping users to understand its contents. Headings should be logical, clear, and concise. The following example demonstrates the incorrect and correct structure of text headings.

> ![Text headings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_text_headings.png "Text headings")

Reviewer 2: Adding descriptive alt text
```suggestion
![Text headings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_text_headings.png "Two lists depicting examples of good heading structure and poor heading structure")
```

> Your main heading should be H1 and indicate the main content. The incorrect example displays the main heading as H2, which you should only use for subtopics. In addition, don't skip or alter headings as it could cause a fragmented experience, as shown above. H3 is out of order and should follow H2. The correct structure displayed above on the right shows heading levels from h1 to h3 communicating more specific information about the previous section.

Reviewer 2: Be sure your capitalization stays consistent from H1 to h3.
For the sake of clarity and brevity, I recommend only discussing what developers should do when it comes to headings instead of discussing what they shouldn't do at length.

Example:
When structuring a page, work your way from largest to smallest heading. Avoid breaking the sequence of headings to prevent a fragmented accessibility experience.

For an example video on how to create text headings, see [How Headings Help Screen Reader Users](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRTqCGJ_HwQ).

> ### Text size and alignment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Font size and text alignment
```

> The use of white space around blocks of text makes it easier to read. We recommend the following text formatting:

Reviewer 2: Capitalize the first letter of the bulleted items below

* left-aligned text
* font size of 14px
* 55-65 characters per line
* sans serif fonts

> The following examples demonstrate the incorrect and correct usage of text size and alignment. The incorrect example shows 25-40 characters per line, uses Comic Sans MS, and the font is 11px. The correct example uses the recommended font size of 14 px, has 55-65 characters per line, and uses Arial font.

Reviewer 2: Reword this section to use softer terms than "incorrect" and "correct".
The two examples shown here might need to change. We recommend using a sans-serif font, but Comic Sans, used in the incorrect example, is a sans-serif font. That could be confusing. 

We also don't explain why or how the font size, characters per line, or text alignment contribute to increasing accessibility as extensively as in previous sections.

I would also recommend dividing up the explanations between the incorrect and correct versions of examples so it matches how you structured the examples for color contrast. Adding titles would also help keep the article consistent.

The correct example demonstrates how to make text readable. To learn more about text size and alignment needed for accessibility, see the [WebAIM article on Typefaces and Fonts](https://webaim.org/techniques/textlayout/).

![Incorrect text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_incorrect_type_size.png "Incorrect text")

![Correct text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_correct_text_size.png "Correct type")

### Text links
Text links should be unique within a page and meaningful when read out of context.

The following example demonstrates how you can make link text meaningful.

| No information | Meaningful information |
| -- | --|
| For more information on how to modify the login form, <ins>click here</ins>. | Read more about <ins>modifying the login form</ins>.|

> Don't use "click here" for the linked text, instead use the exact title of a linked page or use a description of the linked page. You may need to rework a sentence to make the text meaningful.

Reviewer 2: Dividing sentence to reduce complexity
```suggestion
Don't use "click here" for the linked text. Instead, use the exact title of a linked page or use a description of the linked page. You may need to rework a sentence to make the text meaningful.
```

Additional linked text recommendations:
* Use unique link text where possible.

> * Avoid using a URL as the link text, consider using the page title or description of the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Avoid using a URL as the link text; consider using the page title or description of the page.
```

* Don't use the word "link" in your link text.

> * Don't capitalize links.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Don't capitalize links unless the title of the linked page is capitalized.
```

* Keep link text concise.
* Don't link directly to downloads.
* Provide a warning when link text opens a new window.
* Remove broken or empty links.

## Keyboard accessibility

> Keyboard accessibility involves making a theme accessible without the use of a mouse. Ensure you can navigate to all links, menus, buttons, and form fields using the keyboard. Press the Tab key and navigate from the top of the page to the bottom. The navigation order must be logical and intuitive.

Reviewer 2: Adding clarification to sudden subject shift.
Use code highlighting to indicate keyboard keys per style guide: [Pressing and typing keyboard keys](https://intranet.bigcommerce.com/display/SST/UI+Elements+and+Interactions#UIElementsandInteractions-Pressingandtypingkeyboardkeys)
```suggestion
Keyboard accessibility involves making a theme accessible without the use of a mouse. Ensure you can navigate to all links, menus, buttons, and form fields using the keyboard. 

To test a page's keyboard accessibility, press the `Tab` key and navigate from the top of the page to the bottom. The navigation order must be logical and intuitive.
```

To enable an element to participate in keyboard navigation, use the `tabindex` global attribute.

```js
a.setAttribute("tabindex","0")
```

> Open the following example in a new tab and try it out, [native-keyboard-accessibility.html](https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/tools-testing/cross-browser-testing/accessibility/native-keyboard-accessibility.html). Press the Tab key and navigate from the top of the page to the bottom, highlighting active elements. You can also use the arrow keys to scroll through the dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: Clarifying sentence
Updating drop-down spelling bassed on our [style guide](https://intranet.bigcommerce.com/display/SST/Style+Guide+Word+List#StyleGuideWordList-D)
```suggestion
To see `tabindex` in action, open the following example in a new tab: [native-keyboard-accessibility.html](https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/tools-testing/cross-browser-testing/accessibility/native-keyboard-accessibility.html). 

Press the `Tab` key and navigate from the top of the page to the bottom, highlighting active elements. You can also use the arrow keys to scroll through the drop-down menu.
```

For an example video on keyboard accessibility, see [Accessible Components: Keyboard access -- Polycasts#49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REVxMvdBYMw).

## Customizations
You can add scripts or code to improve the accessibility of your theme. As stated above, you can use the `tabindex` global attribute to add an element for keyboard navigation. Also, we suggest doing the following:

* Add a script or plugin to allow mobile, tablet, or desktop viewing. Use responsive design to match user technology to accommodate different zoom states and viewport sizes.
* Add multi-factor authentication or alternative methods besides CAPTCHA to verify identity. Visual CAPTCHA does not allow alt text, preventing visually impaired people from using it.
* Add hidden titles that can be accessed by a screen reader.

> **Example**

Reviewer 2: Need a more descriptive example title

> To update a menu button to add more color contrast, add the following text to the `footer.html` file for your mobile and regular templates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update a menu button to add more color contrast, add the following text to the `footer.html` file of your mobile and regular templates:
```

```html
<style>
.mobileMenu-toggle .mobileMenu-toggleIcon, .mobileMenu-toggle .mobileMenu-toggleIcon:after, .mobileMenu-toggle .mobileMenu-toggleIcon:before {
background: #fff;
}
</style>
```

> There are many more customizations and changes you can make to increase your store's accessibility. This article lists just a few. To learn more about accessibility, see the list of related resources below. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are many more customizations and changes you can make to increase your store's accessibility; this article lists just a few. To learn more about accessibility, see the list of related resources below. 
```

* Text links

### Color contrast
Color contrast is an essential factor in visual accessibility.

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

> ### Note
> According to [WCAG 2.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/), your ecommerce website must have minimum color contrast ratios of 4.5.1 for standard text and 3:1 for large text. To ensure you meet WCAG 2.1 guidelines, we recommend presetting these guidelines, using [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) or Chrome's [Accessibility Developer Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-developer-t/fpkknkljclfencbdbgkenhalefipecmb/reviews?hl=en).

</div>
</div>
</div>

Use contrasting colors for better readability and clarity. Pure black text on a white background can cause eye strain. Instead, try black text on light blue, pale green, or gray background. The following example demonstrates good color contrasting and has a 14.9.1 contrast ratio.

**Good contrast ratio**
![Good contrast](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_good_color_contrast.png "Black text on a light gray background")

> It is essential to avoid colors that are too close together. For example, avoid green and black, green and gray, and green and red. Alternatively, it is good practice to use light text on dark backgrounds or dark text on light backgrounds. The example below shows poor color contrasting because the black text is on a green background. The color constrast ratio is 3.8.1. It would have been better to use white text on a dark green background.

Reviewer 2: I'm unclear what you mean by colors that are "too close together." Add more precise language on the meaning of close. Close in what way?

# Developing Themes for Accessibility

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

### On this page
- [Image alt text](#image-alt-text)
- [Text accessibility](#text-accessibility)
- [Keyboard accessibility](#keyboard-accessibility)
- [Customization](#customization)
- [Related resources](#related-resources)
</div>

Designing for accessibility means being inclusive to the needs of all users. This article outlines the basic accessibility requirements BigCommerce would recommend for all themes.

We have included four accessibility best practices and examples that will help you develop a theme that meets the needs of the broadest range of abilities.

### Prerequisites
* [A BigCommerce store](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Starting-a-Bigcommerce-Trial).
* A store theme. (The following examples use the Cornerstone theme.)

## Image alt text
Alternative (alt) text is an image description read aloud by a screen reader. Adding alt text increases the content's accessibility to visually-impaired users. All HTML `<img>` elements should use the `alt` attribute to provide a text description of the image.

> **Store logo example**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Alt image text using HTML**
```

> In Cornerstone, go to `templates/components/common/store-logo.html`. You will see the following code:

Reviewer 2: This is a great example but would be better inside of a tutorial section. Just a simple example of where the alt text element is in relation to the `<img>` tag will be enough.

```html
 <a href="{{urls.home}}" class="header-logo__link">
    {{#if settings.store_logo.image}}
        {{#if theme_settings.logo_size '===' 'original'}}
            <img class="header-logo-image-unknown-size" src="{{getImage settings.store_logo.image 'logo_size'}}" alt="{{settings.store_logo.title}}" title="{{settings.store_logo.title}}">
        {{else}}
            <div class="header-logo-image-container">
                <img class="header-logo-image" src="{{getImage settings.store_logo.image 'logo_size'}}" alt="{{settings.store_logo.title}}" title="{{settings.store_logo.title}}">
            </div>
        {{/if}}
    {{else}}
        <span class="header-logo-text">{{settings.store_logo.title}}</span>
    {{/if}}
</a>
```
Add or update the image alt text to provide descriptive text for your store logo.

```html

> alt = "BigCommerce store logo" 

Reviewer 2: This example should be able to be copied and pasted directly into live code and work. Include an entire `img` tag with the `alt` element within it.

Example:
```html
<img src="store_logo.jpg" alt="BigCommerce store logo">
```

```

> NOTE: You can update the `<title>` tag with the same text as the `<alt>` tag to create a tooltip, or remove it if you do not need it.

Reviewer 2: This note should be structured like the note in the "Color Contrast" section and wrapped in the appropriate `<div>` callouts.

> **Page Builder example**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Alt image text in Page Builder**
```

**Popup modal text example**

In Cornerstone, put the following code at the bottom of your stencil template html:

```html
<div id="elementID" class="modal modal--large" data-reveal>
    <a href="#" class="modal-close" aria-label="Popup text" role="button">
        <span aria-hidden="true">&#215;</span>
    </a>
    <div class="modal-content"></div>
    <div class="loadingOverlay"></div>
</div>
```
Add a button on your page and use the following code:
```html
<!--open custom modal-->
       <div class="modal-button-container">
                <a class="button" href="#elementID" data-reveal-id="elementID">Descriptive text</a>
        </div>
```

## Text accessibility
Text accessibility involves making content readable and understandable. You can achieve text accessibility using the following methods:
* [Color contrast](#color-contrast)
* [Headings](#headings)
* [Font size and text alignment](#font-size-and-text-alignment)
* [Text links](#text-links)

### Color contrast
Color contrast is an essential factor in visual accessibility.

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

> > ### Note

Reviewer 2: Consider adding the contents of this note to the previous sentence. It's an important callout that we don't want people to skip over.

![Text headings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/accessibility_text_headings.png "Two lists depicting examples of good heading structure and poor heading structure")

Your main heading should be H1 and indicate the main content. The incorrect example displays the main heading as H2, which you should only use for subtopics. Avoid breaking the headings sequence to prevent a fragmented accessibility experience.

The correct structure displayed above on the right shows heading levels from largest to smallest communicating more specific information about the previous section.

For an example video on how to create text headings, see [How Headings Help Screen Reader Users](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRTqCGJ_HwQ).

### Font size and text alignment
The use of white space around blocks of text makes it easier to read. We recommend the following text formatting:
* Left-aligned text
* Font size of 14px
* 55-65 characters per line

> * Sans serif fonts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Sans-serif fonts
```

* A store theme. (The following examples use the Cornerstone theme.)

## Image alt text

> Alternative (alt) text is an image description read aloud by a screen reader. Adding alt text increases the content's accessibility to visually-impaired users. All HTML `<img>` elements should use the `<alt>` attribute to provide a text description of the image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternative (alt) text is an image description read aloud by a screen reader. Adding alt text increases the content's accessibility to visually-impaired users. All HTML `<img>` elements should use the `alt` attribute to provide a text description of the image.
```

**Alt image text using HTML**

In Cornerstone, go to `templates/components/common/store-logo.html`. In the `<img>` tag, provide descriptive alt text for your store logo.
<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">
 

> NOTE: You can update the `<title>` tag with the same text as the `<alt>` tag to create a tooltip, or remove it if you do not need it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Note 
You can update the `title` attribute with the same text as the `alt` attribute to create a tooltip, or remove it if you do not need it.
```

</div>
</div>
</div>

```html

> <img class="header-logo-image" src="https://cdn11.bigcommerce.com/{{store-domain}}/images/stencil/250x100/4f4f5910-4185-4897-9648-0b841b36d530_4_5005_c_1591994810__53965.original.jpeg 'logo_size'}}" alt="BigCommerce store logo" title="BigCommerce store logo"> 

Reviewer 2: Shortening this example to remove unnecessary attributes in the `<img>` tag and provide a less complex image source example
```suggestion
<img src="store_logo.jpeg" alt="BigCommerce store logo"> 
```

```
 
**Alt image text in Page Builder**

> You can add alt text to the `<img>` element in the Image Widget of Page Builder or the `cornerstone/assets/img/` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add alt text to the `<img>` element in the Image widget of Page Builder or the `cornerstone/assets/img/` directory.
```
